Make Warren less grumpy (#333)
MikeBishop/dns-alt-svc: draft-ietf-dnsop-svcb-https.md

For example, when clients need to make a connection to fetch resources
associated with an HTTPS URI, they currently resolve only A and/or AAAA
records for the origin hostname.  This is adequate for services that use
basic HTTPS (fixed port, no QUIC, no {{!ECH=I-D.ietf-tls-esni}}), but

> clients learning additional information can gain privacy, performance, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clients that learn additional information can gain privacy, performance, 
```
